### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
  PostgreSQL is a relational database management system.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
  SQL is a programming language whereas is a relational databse management system that uses SQL as it's querying language.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  \c database_name;

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  WHERE is used to filter rows before they are grouped in a query. Used with SELECT, UPDATE, or DELETE to specify conditions for selecting or modifying rows
  HAVING is used to fileter the results of functions applied by the GROUP BY clause.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
  INNER - Return only the rows where there is found in both tables
  OUTER - returns all rows from one table and the matching rows from the other table, if no match: NULL is returned.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
  LEFT OUTER - All rows from the left table are included, and the matching rows from the right table are included.
  RIGHT OUTER - All rows from the right table are included, and the matching rows from the left table are included.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
  Object Relational Mapping, a programming technique that allows data to be transferred between an object oriented programming language and a relational database. They eliminate the need to write raw SQL queries. They map objects in codes to tables in a database. Allows for working with objects rather than SQL queries.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  Asynchronous requests from client-side browser to a server vs server sided command such as `request` is commonly used for tasks such as accessing API's or fetching data from external sources.
  `request` is unlike AJAX requests as it operates on the server, not on the client's browser.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  Cross-site Request Forgery - a type of security vulnerability where an attacker tricks the user's browser into performing actions on a website without the user's knowledge or consent. CSRF tokens are used to mitigate these attacks. CSRF tokens are unique and random, generated by the server. They are checked on the server side before processing the request, ensuring that the request originated from the user's side.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  Generally used to include the CSRF token within the HTML forms.
